you
our dismay attend all candy
we're outside the dungeon of course now
we're out here in Monroe Monroe
Louisiana we just had a little car show
this is something that just happen to
catch my attention I'm gonna bring it to
your attention
CTN short box every custom fabricated by
a man right here let him tell you about
himself because won first place in the
under construction class out here give
him a little Sun giving a little quick
walk around yeah they are from here in
Monroe Louisiana this may be for Chevy
c10 got a 355 motor without playing the
removal put a coming swirl valve and
easily he's doing big things don't think
it was I can but with me I converted a
five love to an eight club and then I
used a t10 mug adapters use 22 and a
half inch if I Wiggles now we're going
to walk over here to the back with what
I'm going to tell you real quick give
them a quick look
the thing is not that it's just bad it's
just the big thing about this it's an
actual folder called at four-wheel
steering water water eighty-four shivery
Quadra steer bag on 22s
Freightliner wheels 24 about twenty
fours in the back 22s in the front seat
ten bag on Quadra steer in other words
for we are in this case four-wheel
steering in the back we gonna let y'all
gonna put on
oh hey
what's up playa but we do Claire may
obtain with this lab they remain
estranged way home Playa Oh